fix(docs): Italics broken (#3490)
hashicorp/terraform-cdk: website/docs/cdktf/concepts/stacks.mdx

# Stacks

> _Note: Stacks in CDKTF are not the same as [Terraform stacks](https://www.hashicorp.com/blog/terraform-stacks-explained), which are a configuration layer that eliminates the need to manually manage cross-configuration dependencies between Terraform modules._

Reviewer: Small suggestions for style and flow:
```suggestion
> **Note**: CDKTF stacks differ from [Terraform stacks](https://www.hashicorp.com/blog/terraform-stacks-explained). Terraform stacks are a configuration layer that simplifies provisioning and managing resources at scale by controlling cross-configuration dependencies between Terraform modules.
```

A stack represents a collection of infrastructure that CDK for Terraform (CDKTF) synthesizes as a dedicated Terraform configuration. Stacks allow you to separate the state management for multiple environments within an application.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Stacks in CDKTF are different from the Terraform stacks concept announced at HashiConf 2023. Terraform stacks are a configuration layer that simplifies provisioning and managing resources at scale by controlling cross-configuration dependencies between Terraform modules. Refer to [Terraform stacks, explained](https://www.hashicorp.com/blog/terraform-stacks-explained) in the HashiCorp blog for additional information. 
```
A few suggestions to help orient readers.
